tested utilizes ingredients that
we tend to have a lot of so I
want to teach you how to make
custard
all you need is milk eggs and
honey and then you can add some
flour or cornstarch and some
vanilla
ok
alright let's just use up all
this milk huh
I wanted to go back just going
to go ahead
alright so while the milk
hitting up i'm going to separate
these eggs from the whites
simple way to do this for fast
and four
the white
we separate
now i have a whole bunch of egg
yolk
start beating these egg yolks
I'm gonna beat these egg yolks
until they're really well
combined and then an important
some honey just about what seems
yeah and I'm gonna beat these
together until they're super
wealthy and go right to our milk
boiled now what I'm going to do
is actually add that to the to
these egg yolks i'm going to
slowly pour the milk into the
egg
alright so this is nice and hot
now I'm gonna pour in just a
little bit of vanilla and a
little bit of cornstarch i'm
going to put this back on the
heat just to warm it up and then
once you're part of milk and
eggs and custard mixture starts
to thicken a bit
that means that it's done so i'm
going to go ahead and pull it
off the heat because it's ready
you can eat it hot or you can
get it super cold and in the
cold custard however you like to
to eat it is you know really
everyone we kind of tend to eat
the custard hot because we're
too impatient to wait for it to
cool down but you can call it
down if you want and need it